FBI + Kanye
	You’re running away from FBI wanted criminal <insert from API>. As you race down the block, you turn the corner and run into your friend, name, who stops you and says, “<insert Kanye quote>.” You take these wise words of wisdom and keep running, deciding it’s best to run into place. As you verb and verb towards the adjective same place, you see your criminal begin to gain speed, looking like a noun and verb ending in -ing towards you. You need to verb again! You keep running and bump into a(n) adjective trash can, a(n) adjective schoolbus, and <another FBI criminal>, another FBI criminal. Just when you think your life is over, the first FBI criminal spots the second, and the two embrace in a(n) adjective hug. Is this a criminal love story, you wonder? Quickly, you verb to get away from danger, admiring this long-lost romance from afar.


Example
	You’re running away from FBI wanted criminal <insert from API>. As you race down the block, you turn the corner and run into your friend, Ivan, who stops you and says, “<insert Kanye quote>.” You take these wise words of wisdom and keep running, deciding it’s best to run into Stuyvesant. As you smell and eat towards the bright Stuyvesant, you see your criminal begin to gain speed, looking like a shoe and jumping towards you. You need to squish again! You keep running and bump into a(n) juicy trash can, a(n) fat schoolbus, and <another FBI criminal>, another FBI criminal. Just when you think your life is over, the first FBI criminal spots the second, and the two embrace in a(n) ginormous hug. Is this a criminal love story, you wonder? Quickly, you swim to get away from danger, admiring this long-lost romance from afar.


Dog
	Stupid dog! Your <insert dog breed> is dragging you down the road, your heels scraping the concrete, trying not to fall. Moments later, you fall anyway, into an adjective puddle, getting noun all over you. Just then, seeing your dog, a bunch of other dogs decide they want a new best friend, so a <insert dog breed>, <insert dog breed>, and <insert dog breed> trample over you, leaving you to verb on the ground, covered in adjective dog prints and puddle stuff. You adverb stand up, verb ending in -ing towards your dog, but then you forget which one is yours, so you grab the first one you see. Your neighbor comes up to you and asks, “Why are you holding that adjective noun?” You reply, “I don’t know, I think it’s cute,” and verb away, not in any mood to take her judgy looks. Your neighbor stands there, looking like a(n) noun and adverb verb ending in -ing.

Example
Stupid dog! Your <insert dog breed> is dragging you down the road, your heels scraping the concrete, trying not to fall. Moments later, you fall anyway, into an electrifying puddle, getting coffee all over you. Just then, seeing your dog, a bunch of other dogs decide they want a new best friend, so a <insert dog breed>, <insert dog breed>, and <insert dog breed> trample over you, leaving you to run on the ground, covered in racist dog prints and puddle stuff. You quietly stand up, eating towards your dog, but then you forget which one is yours, so you grab the first one you see. Your neighbor comes up to you and asks, “Why are you holding that sticky weed?” You reply, “I don’t know, I think it’s cute,” and rewind away, not in any mood to take her judgy looks. Your neighbor stands there, looking like a(n) bed and elegantly slurping.

Jokes/Comedy Club
	“Can we get a round of applause for that last comedian?” No. You are not clapping. All he did was tell adjective jokes. He opened with, “<insert joke here>.” Please, that’s child’s play. Well, maybe if a child was adjective and adjective. Honestly, he looked like a complete noun up there. The worst joke was “<insert joke>”–How do you even verb something that adjective? At least the food was adjective. You ate some food, and gulped down a drink, stuffing yourself to distract from the comedian. As you’re verb ending in -ing, your stomach begins to rumble. Great. Guess the food wasn’t adjective. You verb to the bathroom and verb, surprised that it took so long. Ugh, you just remembered the closing joke: <insert joke>. Did you have fun? Yes or No.This is the most adjective comedy club ever, and every single comedian loves to verb. You’re never coming back.

Example
“Can we get a round of applause for that last comedian?” No. You are not clapping. All he did was tell sexy jokes. He opened with, “<insert joke here>.” Please, that’s child’s play. Well, maybe if a child was hairy and cool. Honestly, he looked like a complete fortnite bus up there. The worst joke was “<insert joke>”–How do you even lick something that priceless? At least the food was tiny. You ate some pizza and ice cream, and gulped down a boba, stuffing yourself to distract from the comedian. As you’re punching, your stomach begins to rumble. Great. Guess the food wasn’t tired. You reject to the bathroom and Theo, surprised that it took so long. Ugh, you just remembered the closing joke: <insert joke>. Did you have fun? No.This is the most depressed comedy club ever, and every single comedian loves to poop bashfully. You’re never coming back.
